Fix rate limiting handling for beaconchain (#9555)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`-` Prevents too many error notifications when beaconchain rate limits the app for long periods of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Prevents too many error notifications when beaconcha.in rate limits the app for long periods of time.
```
